Connections management Astro use case (#3125)
astronomer/docs: astro/astro-use-case/use-case-astro-connections.md

---
title: 'Manage Astro connections in branch-based deploy workflows'
sidebar_label: 'Connections + Branch-based deploys'
id: use-case-astro-connections
---

Branch-based development is ubiquitous in all modern software development, including data and machine learning engineering. It allows for multiple developers to work on the same codebase at the same time, without interfering with each other's work and rigorous testing of changes before they are merged into production.

> Data and machine learning pipelines often interact with a multitude of external systems, such as data warehouses and APIs. When using Airflow, these systems are accessed via [Airflow connections](https://docs.astronomer.io/learn/connections). In a best practice workflow, different connections are used for different environments, such as development and production.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Data pipelines often interact with a multitude of external systems, such as data warehouses and APIs. When using Airflow, these systems are accessed via [Airflow connections](https://docs.astronomer.io/learn/connections). In a best practice workflow, different connections are used for different environments, such as development and production.  
```

Astro offers first-class support for [branch-based development](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/automation-overview) and central and [secure management of connections](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/manage-connections-variables). 

This use case walks you through setting up a branch-based deployment workflow with [GitHub Actions](https://docs.github.com/en/actions) and Airflow connections managed in Astro for a small example project that ingests cookie recipes from S3 into Snowflake. 

## Before you start

Before trying this example, make sure you have:

- The [Astro CLI](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/cli/overview).

> - An [Astro account](https://www.astronomer.io/try-astro/) with two [Astro Deployments](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/create-deployment), one for development (`conn-management-demo-dev`) and one for production (`conn-management-demo-prod`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- An [Astro account](https://www.astronomer.io/try-astro/) with two [Astro Deployments](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/create-deployment).
```
I assume it doesn't really matter what they're called, as long as they update the scripts accordingly? To simplify this section, I'd suggest keeping it like this and adding a note below about the names.

- A [GitHub account](https://github.com/).
- An account in a SQL-based data warehouse with two distinct databases: one for development (`CONN_DEMO_DEV`), one for production data (`CONN_DEMO_PROD`), each containing an empty schema called `COOKIES`. This example uses a Snowflake account for which a [30-day free trial](https://trial.snowflake.com/?owner=SPN-PID-365384) is available.

> - An [AWS account](https://aws.amazon.com/). A [free tier](https://aws.amazon.com/free/) is available and sufficient for this project.

Reviewer: Is there any reason we're saying you could alternatively use a SQL-based warehouse other than Snowflake, but not saying you could use any object storage here other than AWS? I assume both would just require updates to the DAG code?

## Part 1: Set up Airflow connections on Astro

The first part of this example shows how to set up Airflow connections on Astro and make them available to multiple Deployments.

### Step 1: Create your data warehouse connection in the Astro Environment Manager

First, we create 2 Airflow connections in the Astro Environment Manager for both deployments to inherit.

1. Log into your Astro account and navigate to the Astro Environment Manager. Click the **+ Connection** button to create a new connection.

    ![Screenshot of the Astro UI showing the Astro Environment Manager and the + Connection button.](/img/docs/use-case-astro-connections_conn_one.png)

> 2. Create a new connection to your data warehouse. We use Snowflake for this example but you can use any SQL-based data warehouse. If no connection type is available for your data warehouse, you can select the type **Generic**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Create a new connection to your data warehouse. We use Snowflake for this example, but you can use any SQL-based data warehouse. If no connection type is available for your data warehouse, you can select the type **Generic**.
```

3. Give the new connection the name `snowflake_conn_management_demo` and fill the connection form with your connection credentials. Make sure to provide the _development_ database to the `DATABASE` field in the connection form, we override this field later for the production deployment. To make sure this connection is available to all existing and future Deployments in this workspace, toggle switch at the start of the form to **Linked to all**. 

    ![Screenshot of the Connections Config menu in the Astro Environment Manager](/img/docs/use-case-astro-connections_conn_two.png)

4. Click **Create Connection** to save your connection.

5. View the connection in the Astro Environment Manager. You should see the connection listed with the name `snowflake_conn_management_demo` which is applied to `All Deployments` in your workspace.

    ![Screenshot of the Astro Environment Manager with the `snowflake_conn_management_demo`](/img/docs/use-case-astro-connections_conn_all_deployments.png)

### Step 2: Override a connection field for a specific deployment

> Currently the `snowflake_conn_management_demo` connection points to the development database for all Deployments in your workspace. In this step, we override the `DATABASE` field for the production deployment to point to the production database.

Reviewer: I think it would be nice to add a sentence of context here highlighting the use case for this functionality, since this (imo) is one of the coolest parts of this feature! Something saying Astro connections management allows you to create a single connection, that can apply differently to different deployments, so you don't need to worry about adjusting your DAGs for whether they're running in dev or prd, etc.

    ![Screenshot of the GitHub Action variables menu.](/img/docs/use-case-astro-connections_gh_variables.png)

### Step 7: Trigger the branch-based deploy workflow

Now that the workflow is configured, you can trigger it by pushing changes to the `dev` branch.

1. Make a small change to the [`collect_cookie_recipes` DAG](https://github.com/astronomer/ce-conn-management-demo/blob/main/dags/collect_cookie_recipes.py), for example by adding a comment.

2. Commit and push the changes to the `dev` branch:

    ```sh
    git add dags/collect_cookie_recipes.py
    git commit -m "Add comment to DAG"
    git push origin dev
    ```

3. Navigate to the **Actions** tab in your GitHub repository. You should see a new workflow run triggered by the push to the `dev` branch.

    ![Screenshot of the GitHub Actions workflow run.](/img/docs/use-case-astro-connections_gh_workflow_dev.png)

4. Create a [pull request](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests) from your `dev` to your `main` branch and merge it. This triggers the workflow to deploy the code to the `conn-management-demo-prod` Deployment.

## Part 3: Run the DAGs on Astro

> The GitHub Actions workflow triggered in [Step 7](#step-7-trigger-the-branch-based-deploy-workflow) deploys the Astro project to the `conn-management-demo-dev` and `conn-management-demo-prod` Deployments. Now you can run the DAGs on Astro.

Reviewer: Should this have a `Step 8` in it, so it's consistent with the other sections?

    ![Screenshot of the Astro UI showing the DAG run for the collect_cookie_recipes DAG.](/img/docs/use-case-astro-connections_collect_dag.png)

3. View the data in Snowflake. The `collect_cookie_recipes` DAG ingested the cookie recipes into the `COOKIES` schema in the `CONN_DEMO_DEV` database.

    ![Screenshot of the Snowflake UI showing the COOKIES_RECIPE table in the CONN_DEMO_DEV database.](/img/docs/use-case-astro-connections_snowflake.png)

4. Repeat the steps above for the `conn-management-demo-prod` deployment. Due to the override defined in [Step 2](#step-2-override-a-connection-field-for-a-specific-deployment), the `snowflake_conn_management_demo` connection points to the `CONN_DEMO_PROD` database in Snowflake, where you can view the `COOKIES_RECIPES` table with the ingested data.

Congratulations! You have successfully set up Airflow connections on Astro and created a branch-based CI/CD workflow with GitHub Actions. You can now use this workflow as a template for your own projects.

> ## Resources

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## See also
```
For consistency?

---
title: 'Manage Astro connections in branch-based deploy workflows'
sidebar_label: 'Connections + Branch-based deploys'
id: use-case-astro-connections
---

Branch-based development is ubiquitous in all modern software development, including data engineering and machine learning operations. It allows for multiple developers to work on the same codebase at the same time without interfering with each other's work, and for applying rigorous testing of changes before merging them into production.

Data pipelines often interact with a multitude of external systems, such as data warehouses and APIs. When using Airflow, these systems are accessed via [Airflow connections](https://docs.astronomer.io/learn/connections). In a best practice workflow, use different connections for different environments, such as development and production.  

Astro offers first-class support for [branch-based development](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/automation-overview) and central, [secure management of connections](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/manage-connections-variables). 

> This use case shows you the steps for setting up a branch-based deployment workflow with [GitHub Actions](https://docs.github.com/en/actions) and Airflow connections managed in Astro using a small example project that ingests cookie recipes from S3 into Snowflake. 

Author: Looks great, thank you! :)

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

## Overview

This use case combines the following features to create a CI/CD pipeline that uses 

* In Part 1, you [create Airflow connections in the Cloud UI](manage-connections-and-variables.md)
* Part 2 covers [setting up multi-environment Deployments](set-up-ci-cd.md#multiple-environments)
* Part 3 describes how to run your DAGs in this environment and the required steps to pull connections from the Cloud UI to [develop locally](import-export-connections-variables.md#from-the-cloud-ui).

```

> ## Before you start

Author: I think Prereqs makes more sense. I had `Before you start` here because I used the Learn use cases as a template, but while writing realized more direct numbered steps make much more sense for this vs the use case format, so it feels more like a tutorial now, where we use prereqs in Learn as well :)

    ![Screenshot of the connection details view with the **Link Deployment** button highlighted.](/img/docs/use-case-astro-connections_conn_link_deployment_one.png)

2. Select your `conn-management-demo-dev` Deployment and link the connection. In this step it would also be possible to override fields, but we leave the connection as is. Click **Link connection** to save your changes.

    ![Screenshot of the connection link to deployment form.](/img/docs/use-case-astro-connections_conn_link_deployment_two.png)

3. Repeat the previous step for the `conn-management-demo-prod` Deployment. Now both Deployments should be listed in the connection details view.

    ![Screenshot of the connection details view with the two linked deployments highlighted.](/img/docs/use-case-astro-connections_conn_link_deployment_three.png)

## Part 2: Set up branch-based deploys with GitHub Actions

> After setting up the connections, we create an automated two branch CI/CD workflow for a small sample project that uses both connections defined in [Part 1](#part-1-set-up-airflow-connections-on-astro).

Author: I have no idea why I used `we` so much in this, sorry! 😅

### Step 5: Create your GitHub repository

1. Go to the [Astronomer GitHub](https://github.com/astronomer/ce-conn-management-demo) and [fork the repository](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/quickstart/fork-a-repo) to your own GitHub account. This repository contains a small sample project ingesting data from S3 into Snowflake, using the connections defined in [Part 1](#part-1-set-up-airflow-connections-on-astro).

2. [Clone](https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/creating-and-managing-repositories/cloning-a-repository) the forked repository to your local machine.

3. On your local machine, navigate to the cloned repository directory and create a new branch called `dev`:

    ```sh
    git checkout -B dev
    ```

4. Push the new branch to your GitHub repository:

    ```sh
    git push origin dev
    ```

> You should now have a GitHub repository with two branches: `main` and `dev` that contain the same code.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You now have a GitHub repository with two branches: `main` and `dev` that contain the same code.
```

### Step 6: Configure GitHub Actions workflow

> The repository already has [a GitHub Actions script](https://github.com/astronomer/ce-conn-management-demo/blob/main/.github/workflows/deploy_to_astro.yaml) defined to run the CI/CD workflow to deploy changes to Astro. Any push to the `dev` branch triggers the workflow to deploy the code to the `conn-management-demo-dev` Deployment. Any merged PR to the `main` branch triggers the workflow to deploy the code to the `conn-management-demo-prod` Deployment.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The repository already has [a GitHub Actions script](https://github.com/astronomer/ce-conn-management-demo/blob/main/.github/workflows/deploy_to_astro.yaml) defined to run the CI/CD workflow that deploys changes to Astro. Any push to the `dev` branch triggers the workflow to deploy the code to the `conn-management-demo-dev` Deployment. Any merged PR to the `main` branch triggers the workflow to deploy the code to the `conn-management-demo-prod` Deployment.
```

To configure the workflow for your own Astro account, you need to set two [GitHub Action Secrets](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/security-guides/using-secrets-in-github-actions#creating-secrets-for-a-repository) and two [GitHub Action variables](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/learn-github-actions/variables#creating-configuration-variables-for-a-repository) in your repository.

1. Configure the following GitHub Action Secrets in your repository:

    - `DEV_ASTRO_API_TOKEN`: The API token of your development Deployment (`conn-management-demo-dev`). You can create Deployment API tokens in the Astro UI, see [Create and manage Deployment API tokens](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/deployment-api-tokens).
    - `PROD_ASTRO_API_TOKEN`: The API token of your production Deployment (`conn-management-demo-prod`).

    ![Screenshot of the GitHub Actions secrets menu.](/img/docs/use-case-astro-connections_gh_secrets.png)

2. Configure the following GitHub Action variables in your repository:

>     - `DEV_ASTRO_DEPLOYMENT_ID`: The id of your development Deployment (`conn-management-demo-dev`). The deployment id can be found in the Astro UI and is in the form of `cabcdef123456789abcdefghi1ab`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - `DEV_ASTRO_DEPLOYMENT_ID`: The ID of your development Deployment (`conn-management-demo-dev`). You can find the Deployment ID in the Astro UI and with the form of `cabcdef123456789abcdefghi1ab`.
```

>     - `PROD_ASTRO_DEPLOYMENT_ID`: The id of your production Deployment (`conn-management-demo-prod`).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - `PROD_ASTRO_DEPLOYMENT_ID`: Your production Deployment ID (`conn-management-demo-prod`).
```

    ![Screenshot of the GitHub Action variables menu.](/img/docs/use-case-astro-connections_gh_variables.png)

### Step 7: Trigger the branch-based deploy workflow

> Now that the workflow is configured, you can trigger it by pushing changes to the `dev` branch.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Now that you configured your workflow, you can trigger it by pushing changes to the `dev` branch.
```

1. Make a small change to the [`collect_cookie_recipes` DAG](https://github.com/astronomer/ce-conn-management-demo/blob/main/dags/collect_cookie_recipes.py), for example by adding a comment.

2. Commit and push the changes to the `dev` branch:

    ```sh
    git add dags/collect_cookie_recipes.py
    git commit -m "Add comment to DAG"
    git push origin dev
    ```

> 3. Navigate to the **Actions** tab in your GitHub repository. You should see a new workflow run triggered by the push to the `dev` branch.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Navigate to the **Actions** tab in your GitHub repository. You can now see a new workflow run triggered by the push to the `dev` branch.
```

    ![Screenshot of the GitHub Actions workflow run.](/img/docs/use-case-astro-connections_gh_workflow_dev.png)

4. Create a [pull request](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests) from your `dev` to your `main` branch and merge it. This triggers the workflow to deploy the code to the `conn-management-demo-prod` Deployment.

## Part 3: Run the DAGs

> Lastly we run the DAGs without needing to change any code or set up any connections in the Airflow UI.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Finally, you can run the DAGs without needing to change any code or set up any connections in the Airflow UI.
```

### Step 8: Run the DAGs on Astro

> The GitHub Actions workflow triggered in [Step 7](#step-7-trigger-the-branch-based-deploy-workflow) deploys the Astro project to the `conn-management-demo-dev` and `conn-management-demo-prod` Deployments. Now you can run the DAGs on Astro.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In [Step 7](#step-7-trigger-the-branch-based-deploy-workflow), you triggered a GitHub Actions workflow that deploys the Astro project to the `conn-management-demo-dev` and `conn-management-demo-prod` Deployments. Now you can run the DAGs on Astro.
```

    ![Screenshot of the Astro UI showing the DAG run for the upload_cookie_recipes DAG.](/img/docs/use-case-astro-connections_upload_dag.png)

2. Run the `collect_cookie_recipes` DAG to ingest the data from S3 into Snowflake. The `conn-management-demo-dev` Deployment uses the `snowflake_conn_management_demo` connection defined in [Step 1](#step-1-create-your-data-warehouse-connection-in-the-astro-environment-manager) to access Snowflake. Without any overrides this connection points to the `CONN_DEMO_DEV` database in Snowflake.

    ![Screenshot of the Astro UI showing the DAG run for the collect_cookie_recipes DAG.](/img/docs/use-case-astro-connections_collect_dag.png)

3. View the data in Snowflake. The `collect_cookie_recipes` DAG ingested the cookie recipes into the `COOKIES` schema in the `CONN_DEMO_DEV` database.

    ![Screenshot of the Snowflake UI showing the COOKIES_RECIPE table in the CONN_DEMO_DEV database.](/img/docs/use-case-astro-connections_snowflake.png)

> 4. Repeat the steps above for the `conn-management-demo-prod` deployment. Due to the override defined in [Step 2](#step-2-override-a-connection-field-for-a-specific-deployment), the `snowflake_conn_management_demo` connection points to the `CONN_DEMO_PROD` database in Snowflake, where you can view the `COOKIES_RECIPES` table with the ingested data.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Repeat the steps 1 through 3 for the `conn-management-demo-prod` deployment. Due to the override defined in [Step 2](#step-2-override-a-connection-field-for-a-specific-deployment), the `snowflake_conn_management_demo` connection points to the `CONN_DEMO_PROD` database in Snowflake, where you can view the `COOKIES_RECIPES` table with the ingested data.
```

### Step 9: (Optional) Run the DAGs locally

> You can use the connections defined in the Astro Environment Manager when running the DAGs locally with the Astro CLI. This feature allows you to enable data professionals in your organization to use default connections without having to share connection configuration details or secrets. See also [Import and export Airflow connections and variables](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/import-export-connections-variables).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can also use the connections defined in the Astro Environment Manager when running the DAGs locally with the Astro CLI. This feature allows you to enable data professionals in your organization to use default connections without having to share connection configuration details or secrets. See also [Import and export Airflow connections and variables](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/import-export-connections-variables).
```

> 1. In the Astro UI navigate to the `ORGANIZATION SETTINGS` of your organization and click **Edit Details**. Click the toggle to enable `ENVIRONMENT SECRETS FETCHING` and **Update Organization** so save your changes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. In the Astro UI, navigate to the `ORGANIZATION SETTINGS` of your organization and click **Edit Details**. Click the toggle to enable `ENVIRONMENT SECRETS FETCHING` and **Update Organization** so save your changes.
```

    ![Screenshot of the Astro UI showing the organization settings Edit Details button.](/img/docs/use-case-astro-connections_organization_edit_2.png)

2. Make sure you are logged into your Astro account with the Astro CLI by running the following command and authenticating with your Astro credentials:

    ```sh
    astro login
    ```

3. Enable local development access to connections created in the Astro Environment Manager by running the following command:

    ```sh
    astro config set -g disable_env_objects false
    ```

> 4. Find your workspace id by running:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Find your Workspace ID by running:
```

    ```sh 
    astro workspace list
    ```

5. Start a local Airflow instance with the set of the connections defined for your workspace by running the following command:

    ```sh
    astro dev start --workspace-id [workspace-id]
    ```

    You can view which connections were fetched from the Cloud in the console logs.

    ```text
    Airflow is starting up!
    Added Connection: snowflake_conn_management_demo
    Added Connection: aws_conn_management_demo

    Project is running! All components are now available.

    Airflow Webserver: http://localhost:8080
    Postgres Database: localhost:5432/postgres
    The default Airflow UI credentials are: admin:admin
    The default Postgres DB credentials are: postgres:postgres
    ```

5. Run the `collect_cookie_recipes` DAG locally to confirm the connections were imported correctly.

Congratulations! You have successfully set up Airflow connections on Astro and created a branch-based CI/CD workflow with GitHub Actions. You can now use this workflow as a template for your own projects.

## See also

- Documentation: [Manage Airflow connections and variables](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/manage-connections-variables) on Astro.

> - Documentations: [Automate actions on Astro](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/automation-overview)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Documentation: [Automate actions on Astro](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/automation-overview).
```

---
title: 'Manage Astro connections in branch-based deploy workflows'

> sidebar_label: 'Connections + Branch-based deploys'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
sidebar_label: 'Use connections with branch-based deploys'
```

id: use-case-astro-connections
---

> Data pipelines often interact with a multitude of external systems, such as data warehouses and APIs. When using Airflow, these systems are accessed via [Airflow connections](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/manage-connections-variables). In a best practice workflow, use different connections for different environments, such as development and production. Astro's first-class support for [branch-based development](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/automation-overview) and central, [secure management of connections](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/manage-connections-variables) allow you to create default settings for Connections in the Astro Cloud UI, then share them with Deployments.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Data pipelines often interact with a multitude of external systems, such as data warehouses and APIs. When using Airflow, these systems are accessed via [Airflow connections](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/manage-connections-variables). In a best practice workflow, use different connections for different environments, such as development and production. Astro's first-class support for [branch-based development](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/automation-overview) and central, [secure management of connections](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/manage-connections-variables) allow you to create default settings for connections in the Astro Cloud UI, then share them with Deployments.
```

When you create connections on the Astro Cloud UI, you can share default connection settings to all Deployments in your Workspace. While this adds convenience to creating new Deployments, you can take advantage of this functionality to optimize workflows that trigger creating or updating new Deployments, so that Astro creates all new Deployments with Airflow connections to sandbox or development environments by default. When you're ready to work in production, you can easily update the Deployment connection configurations without affecting your other Deployments.

This use case shows you the steps for setting up a branch-based deployment workflow with [GitHub Actions](https://docs.github.com/en/actions) and Airflow connections managed in Astro using a small example project that ingests cookie recipes from S3 into Snowflake. 

> ## Overview

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Feature Overview
```
Just a suggestion - but it reads a bit odd to me to have a bunch of text describing the use case up front, followed by an "Overview" section that only lists the features being covered. Would prefer this wording, but happy to discuss more later (no need to hold up merging if we don't want this change).

Reviewer 2: I think this change is needed - we haven't quite nailed down what we want the use cases in the docs to be compared to in learn, but the big value-add they bring in my opinion from having read through this PR is that they combine features together to create a solution. Unfortunately, the features that they're combining together aren't super clear from the existing introduction we have, I wanted to call out those relationships in a very specific way in case a user doesn't want to go through the actual steps.

> This use case combines the following features to create a CI/CD pipeline that uses 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This use case combines the following features to create a CI/CD pipeline that takes advantage of how you can create Airflow connections for multiple Deployments in the Environment Manger: 
```

> This use case combines the following features to create a CI/CD pipeline that uses 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this use case you will create a CI/CD pipeline using multiple Astro features:
```

* In Part 1, you [create Airflow connections in the Cloud UI](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/manage-connections-variables)

> * Part 2 covers [setting up multi-environment Deployments](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/set-up-ci-cd.md#multiple-environments)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In Part 2, you [set up multi-environment Deployments](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/set-up-ci-cd.md#multiple-environments)
```

> * Part 3 describes how to run your DAGs in this environment and the required steps to pull connections from the Cloud UI to [develop locally](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/import-export-connections-variables.md#from-the-cloud-ui).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In Part 3, you learn how to run your DAGs in this environment and the required steps to pull connections from the Cloud UI to [develop locally](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/import-export-connections-variables.md#from-the-cloud-ui).
```

> * In Part 1, you [create Airflow connections in the Cloud UI](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/manage-connections-variables)
> * Part 2 covers [setting up multi-environment Deployments](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/set-up-ci-cd.md#multiple-environments)
> * Part 3 describes how to run your DAGs in this environment and the required steps to pull connections from the Cloud UI to [develop locally](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/import-export-connections-variables.md#from-the-cloud-ui).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Part 1, you [create Airflow connections in the Cloud UI](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/manage-connections-variables) that can be shared to multiple Deployments.
* Part 2 covers [setting up multi-environment Deployments](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/set-up-ci-cd.md#multiple-environments), so you can separate your development and production environments by branches, and configure your CI/CD pipeline to deploy code when making commits to those branches.
* Part 3 describes how to run your DAGs with a dev and prod environment. It also shares the required steps to pull connections from the Cloud UI to [develop locally](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/import-export-connections-variables.md#from-the-cloud-ui).
```

    ```sh
    astro dev start --workspace-id [workspace-id]
    ```

    You can view which connections were fetched from the Cloud in the console logs.

    ```text
    Airflow is starting up!
    Added Connection: snowflake_conn_management_demo
    Added Connection: aws_conn_management_demo

    Project is running! All components are now available.

    Airflow Webserver: http://localhost:8080
    Postgres Database: localhost:5432/postgres
    The default Airflow UI credentials are: admin:admin
    The default Postgres DB credentials are: postgres:postgres
    ```

5. Run the `collect_cookie_recipes` DAG locally to confirm the connections were imported correctly.

Congratulations! You have successfully set up Airflow connections on Astro and created a branch-based CI/CD workflow with GitHub Actions. You can now use this workflow as a template for your own projects.

## See also

- Documentation: [Manage Airflow connections and variables](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/manage-connections-variables) on Astro.
- Documentation: [Automate actions on Astro](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/automation-overview).

> - Guide: [Manage Airflow connections](https://docs.astronomer.io/learn/connections).

Reviewer: Definitely does not need to be part of this PR - but commenting now so I remember :)
We should definitely add a note somewhere in our Learn connections guide to mention Astro connections for customers and link to the doc.
